Aim and Objectives
The aim of the game is for the player to defeat the main boss, Kevin. We plan on meeting this aim by completing several different objectives.
Our first objective is the style of the game. We plan to go with a 2D, side on dungeon crawler. The graphics will be retro styled and pixelated, and slightly monotoned like the old styled Pokémon games. This will give the game a very nostalgic feel to it and won’t distract the player away from the information side of the game. The game is going to be based inside of the new Isaac Newton building, and the rooms and level design will match appropriately.
The second objective is how the user will progress through the game. The will start on the bottom floor of the building, and they have their own choice of exploration and path to the top of the building. Kevin will be at the top of the building, and he must then be defeated. Throughout the exploration, the player will encounter mobs (teachers and students), and they will discover collectibles.
The third object will focus more on the educational and information side. The player will gain information about the course from various sources. These can include the teachers, other students, and finally collectibles. These collectibles may be in the form of laptops, documents, folders and other students work. These are easily collected, and some students may also just give you the information. However, when it comes to teachers, the challenge to get the information will increase, as explained in the next objective.
The fourth objective focuses on the fun, and combat side of the game. When the player is exploring the levels, they will face many encounters from mobs. These may include students, or teachers. The player will have to take these mobs out using the combat system and equipment. Such equipment may include: Pencils, rubbers, laptops, etc. 
The final objective is the scoring system. The game is ended once the player has killed the final boss, Kevin. Once this has happened, the player will get a score based off the information/collectibles they gain during their playing time. When their score is calculated, it will be presented to them as a grade for the modules on the course. 

